let me just listen to my block
it's quiet usually the one train's up
there
screeching there's so much stuff going
on
just got me thinking about all the
people i care about the most there's a
breeze off the hudson
and just when you think you're sick of
living here the memory floods in
the morning light off the fire escapes
the nights and been apart blasting big
pun
tapes it's a story
of a block that was disappearing once
upon a time
in a far away land called washington
heights
who's gonna notice we're going say it so
it doesn't disappear
washington heights
look who's home bad change is happening
on the block since you've been at school
when it came to dreams we had to keep
scraping by
ice cold aguas at least when we get into
these crazy hypotheticals you really
want some bread then go ahead create a
set of goals
pick a business school and pay the
entrance fee and maybe if you're lucky
you'll stay friends with me
they used to say you work hard you live
by the rules
but things will come and those things
will heal you
i'm not gonna sit here and give you some
fairy tale
ignore anyone who doubts you because
this place
this is it
i just want to see the whole world
through our eyes
let's go go show them who we are
[Applause]
this is the moment when you do better
than me because you can see a future
that i can
sonny you're late you know you love me
[Music]
once we get going
you